Productive Learning (Prole). Helps you learn the syllabus with AI assistance.
    ProLe (Prole, means Productive Learning) This can be the name of the product

    Whisper: Talk to the bot and get a reponse, acting as a person you can talk to. Speech to text
    NanoGPT: An LLM, NLP and transformer
        ✅ Generating structured study summaries from lecture transcripts.
        ✅ Creating exam-style questions based on the syllabus.
        ✅ Fine-tuning on course-specific material to generate more accurate explanations.
        GPU heavy task

    Diffusers: Stable Diffusion (Hugginface) Text-to-image using﻿ The Stable Diffusion model from Hugginface
        Input: Question from NanoGPT
        Output: Image / Figure
        GPU heavy image generation


    Remember
        Ai Ethics: GDPR
        LLM
        NLP, embeddings and vector calculations
            LoRA training and finetuning


Backend: FastAPI (Python)
Fronend: Framework: 






text to image: Diffusers library from Huggingface -> generating images, audio, and even 3D structures of molecules


Resources:
    GPU training
    CPU training

Features:
    Speach to text: Whisper
    Our own LLM with NLP and word-embeddings, transformers, prompt engineering

Questions:
    Eksamensveiledning - hva forventer for å få en A
    How short is a short report? Number of pages ish, with figures?

Another Idea
    When listening to a course
    When the professors describes a figure, ai uses whisper to understand the figure and displays it on the screen/ puts it in the chat so the people 
    understand the figures using AI. The users within the chat can then interract with the figure to improve it further and add notes on it. Make it
    interractive.
    Its an interractive extension listening to the professor.

    Recaps the whole presentation and creates a mindmap of the lecture with key points.


Forklare hvordan ting skal se ut i huset så lages en 3D modell av hvordan huset skal se ut med ting man bør tenke på og hva som mangler feks
Vector-embedding for hva i huset som er vanlig med disse spesifikasjonene som ikke du som bruker har foreslått. Så man får suggestions.

Need to include:
    Tests
    figures


